simple recommenders- offers simple suggestions based on movie popularity or genre

content based recommenders- use metadata to suggest what you should watch next, eg after 
watching 2-3 tom cruise movies, automatically suggest more tom cruise(tags, contenet similatiry recomendation)

collaborative filtering based (recomends based on users interest, user similarity then recomendaion)

hybrid 

 
{
to- build movie recommendation system similar to imdb and provide insights
about top movies

-find metric to rate the movies
-calculate and sort by metric


all different datasets metadata, how will u use them

attributes important in recommendation

cast-plot keywords-language-vote count(for how good movie is)

weighted average will do ( rating*no of voters) but less no of voting w high rating also can be v good 
but cant represent movie w one rating as 10/10 on top
}

movies_metadata.csv info like- genere,language
links.csv imdb ids of movies
credits.csv cast crew info for all movies
keywords movie keywords

Project flow
data-preprocessing-model-connect to website-deploy

 
PREPROCESSING for content content based

1- merging the dataset is needed

2-remove useless columns from all datasets(which are useless in generating tags) 
 [budget doesnt help in generating tags,website,language can remove if high imbalance english

3-removing missing,duplicate, null values(maybe?) coz movie will get removed toh bt

3.Improve the formats in colums (List of dictionary to List)



Matrix factorization??

--------------
making hybrid maybe

Mainly three types of recommendation systems in machine learning based on filtering are used to suggest product and services to the consumers.
1. Content Filtering
2. Collaborative Filtering
3. Hybrid Filtering

1. Content Filtering:
In this algorithm, we try finding items look alike. Once we have item look like matrix,

  we can easily recommend alike items to a customer, who has purchased any item from the store.

2. Collaborative Filtering:
  Here, we try to search for look alike customers and offer products based on what his/her lookalike has chosen.

  This algorithm is very effective but takes a lot of time and resources..



take user input and recomend movies based on that, also alike customers ka
also genre search kiya toh suggest hose genre movies also